Shopify new updates (#418)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: faqs.mdx

#### 2. Is Shopify compatible as a data source for Rudderstack?

> Yes, Shopify is compatible as a data source. For more information, refer [Shopify](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/stream-sources/shopify/).

Reviewer: Let's also keep the other methods of integrations intact. However, strongly recommend the Shopify source option.

Author: Amended this section.

> Yes, Shopify is compatible as a data source. For more information, refer [Shopify](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/stream-sources/shopify/). However, we also have users that integrate the JavaScript SDK into their Shopify sites. In some cases, they even do it through Google Tag Manager.

Reviewer: Recommended Shopify source.
```suggestion
Yes, Shopify is compatible as an event stream data source. For more information, refer to [Shopify](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/stream-sources/shopify/). We also have users that integrate the JavaScript SDK into their Shopify sites. In some cases, they even do it through Google Tag Manager.
However, we strongly recommend using the Shopify source integration for better tracking.
```
